docs(spec): Recommend principle of least privilege for in-task authorization (#2066)
a2aproject/A2A: docs/specification.md

- Credentials SHOULD be bound to the agent which originated the request, such that only this agent is able to use the credentials. This ensures that credentials propagating through a chain of A2A requests are only usable by the requesting agent.
- Credentials containing sensitive information SHOULD be only readable by the agent which originated the request, such as by encrypting the credential.

> - Credentials SHOULD grant the minimal permissions required to perform the desired action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Credentials SHOULD grant the minimal permissions required to process the message.
```

Reviewer 2: which message? In a task with multiple turns / follow up messages I think this is ambiguous

Author: I guess I could just extend the wording:

> ... process the messages which elicited the TASK_STATE_AUTH_REQUIRED
